docs(typeorm): added hint for method getConnectionOptions (#1782)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/sql.md

Some projects require multiple database connections. This can also be achieved with this module. To work with multiple connections, first create the connections. In this case, connection naming becomes **mandatory**.

> > info **Hint** Sometimes, you may want to use multiple configurations using different formats and read connection options from ormconfig file (or ENV variables) for these cases you can use `getConnectionOptions()` method, for other more information [here](https://typeorm.io/#/using-ormconfig/overriding-options-defined-in-ormconfig) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** Sometimes, you may want to use multiple configurations using different formats and read connection options from an ormconfig file (or ENV variables). For these cases you can use the `getConnectionOptions()` method. For other more information [you can view TypeORM's docs](https://typeorm.io/#/using-ormconfig/overriding-options-defined-in-ormconfig).
```
